Allow to use script in query variable (#344)
grafana/opensearch-datasource: README.md

| `{"find": "fields", "type": "keyword"}`                              | Returns a list of field names with the index type `keyword`.                                                                                                          |
| `{"find": "terms", "field": "@hostname", "size": 1000}`              | Returns a list of values for a field using term aggregation. Query will use current dashboard time range as time range for query.                                     |
| `{"find": "terms", "field": "@hostname", "query": '<lucene query>'}` | Returns a list of values for a field using term aggregation and a specified lucene query filter. Query will use current dashboard time range as time range for query. |

> | `{"find": "terms", "script": "if( doc['@hostname'].value == 'something' ) { return null; } else { return doc['@hostname']}"}`, "query": '<lucene query>'}` | Same as above but you can use the script API instead |

Reviewer: Just fixing the formatting and making the language match
```suggestion
| `{"find": "terms", "script": "if( doc['@hostname'].value == 'something' ) { return null; } else { return doc['@hostname']}", "query": '<lucene query>'}` | Returns a list of values using term aggregation, the script API, and a specified lucene query filter. Query will use current dashboard time range as time range for query. |
```

> If the query is multi-field with both a text and keyword type, use "field":"fieldname.keyword" (sometimes fieldname.raw) to specify the keyword field in your query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the query is multi-field with both a text and keyword type, use `"field":"fieldname.keyword"` (sometimes `fieldname.raw`) to specify the keyword field in your query.
```
